Add docs on `path` (#9)
LeaVerou/bafr: README.md

| `files` | String or array of strings | - | A glob pattern to match files to process. |
| `suffix` | String | `""` | Instead of overwriting the original file, append this suffix to its filename |
| `extension` | String | - | Instead of overwriting the original file, change its extension to this value. Can start with a `.` but doesn’t need to. |

> | `path` | String | - | Instead of overwriting the original file, change its location to this value. Both absolute and relative paths are supported. If relative, it's resolved based on the original file's location. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `path` | String | - | Allows the new file to be in a different directory. Both absolute and relative paths are supported. If relative, it's resolved based on the original file's location. For example, `..` will write a file one directory level up. |
```

"Instead of overwriting the original file" is wrong, because suffix and extension also prevent that, so there's no overwriting.
